Now I know one the last few lessons we wrote a lot of Firebase code that was really conceptual and also
kind of nitty gritty.
We had to use a lot of fire base functions and a lot of things that we ended up removing because we
were just simply trying to dynamically update our collections using code rather than manually entering
each of these into our firestorm.
But along the way it was really valuable because we learned how to set values inside of our fire store
as well as create new documents and create new collections.
Exactly our collections collection now.
In case anyone is still confused about what we did and what we're trying to do by moving this data into
firestorm I actually have a quick little diagram that will show you what we did and what we need to
do moving forward as well from a just conceptual level in this diagram here.
What we have is this section that represents our fire store and then this section which represents our
actual front in Crown clothing e-commerce application how we originally had it before and kind of how
we actually still haven't.
Now is that we have our application itself.
We have a redux write an inside of our redux.
We have our shop producer inside of our shop reducer and our fun application as a whole.
We have our shop data stored as a file.
We then pass that into our reducer when we instantiate it and we set that shop data as the initial value
of the initial state in our last lesson.
We moved our dynamic shop data into fire store and why is that dynamic.
Well the data in our fire store database is ever changing because it can be changed by anyone who has
administrative access.
If they wanted to update our fire store they would be able to do so let's say for example the management
team of our e-commerce platform wants to introduce a new spring collection or a new watch collection
Well it would be really easy for them to just update data or upload new data into the database and then
any application that needs that data can just pull from it.
Right now what we're doing inside of our application is we are simply using the shop data file to store
the data and then pulling it into our shop reducer by importing it and setting as the initial value.
So this if let's say Management tells us they want new things we'd have to manually update the shop
data file and this is ineffective because we want to be able to deploy our code and not have to worry
especially because if you imagine there's multiple applications we have our web application we have
a mobile application they all want to rely on the same data.
If new collections come out we should not have to update it manually in two different places the two
places being one our actual front an application and two in the mobile application.
Instead what we did was move it into a firestorm.
And now what we need to do is we need to use our front end application code and pull this data down
from fire store and then add it to our readers shop reducer dynamically instead of instantiating it
with this static shop data that we have right now.
So we want to get rid of that and essentially just pull this data down in from fire store into our application
and by doing that we're now able to listen for fire store changes whenever this data updates so that
our application always have the newest data.
We're still going to store this data inside of our shop producer but we just have to think about how
we're going to do this and we'll talk about all of this in the next lesson.
Right now though this is just a quick image that hopefully clears up what it is that we were trying
to do.
So in the next lesson we're going to do this portion where we now bring this data from fire store into
our application and then store it into redux.
And this is a very common pattern you're going to see in any application.
So let's do that in the next lesson.